"Coat 6-oz. ramekin or custard cup with cooking spray
Place Canadian bacon on bottom of a 6-oz. ramekin or custard cup
Pour egg substitute over top
Microwave, uncovered, on high for 30 seconds; stir
Microwave 15-30 seconds or until egg is almost set
Top with salsa; sprinkle with cheese
Microwave just until cheese is melted, about 10 seconds
Line bottom of English muffin with spinach
Place egg and Canadian bacon over spinach; replace English muffin top". What skills should I require to perform the above recipe steps?

"Peel 2 medium potatoes
Slice 2 peeled medium potatoes
Coat a 9-in. microwave-safe plate with cooking spray
Arrange potato and onion slices on plate; sprinkle with seasonings
Cover and microwave on high for 9-10 minutes or until potatoes are tender
Add cheese in the last 30 seconds of cooking". What skills should I require to perform the above recipe steps?

"Shape beef into twelve 1-in. patties
Place on a microwave-safe plate lined with paper towels. Cover with another paper towel
Microwave on high for 1 minute until meat is no longer pink
Cut each slice of cheese into fourths; set aside
Using a 1-in. round cookie cutter, cut out 6 circles from each slice of bread
Spread half the bread circles with dressing
Thinly chop onions
Thinly chop baby dill pickles
Thinly chop 3 cherry tomatoes
Layer with burgers, cheese, onions, pickles and tomatoes
Top with remaining bread circles; secure with toothpicks". What skills should I require to perform the above recipe steps?

"Thinly chop onions
Thinly chop green chillies
Crumble beef into a 2-qt. microwave-safe dish; add onion
Microwave, covered, on high until beef is no longer pink, 2-3 minutes; drain
Stir in 1 cup cheese, 1/4 cup enchilada sauce and green chilies
Place about 1/2 cup beef mixture off center on each tortilla
Roll up and place in a greased 11x7-in. microwave-safe dish, seam side down
Top with remaining enchilada sauce
Microwave, covered, on high until heated through, 5-6 minutes
Sprinkle with remaining cheese
Cook, uncovered, until cheese is melted, 1-2 minutes longer
Serve with lettuce and sour cream". What skills should I require to perform the above recipe steps?

"Cut 2 medium carrots into short thin strips (Julienne)
Slice 1 small onion
Cut 1 small green pepper into short thin strips (Julienne)
Mince 1 garlic clove
Place meatballs in a 3-qt. microwave-safe dish
Top with carrots, onion, pepper and garlic
In a small bowl, mix sweet-and-sour sauce and soy sauce; pour over meatballs
Microwave, covered, on high for 6-8 minutes or until vegetables are tender and meatballs are heated through, stirring twice
Serve with rice". What skills should I require to perform the above recipe steps?

"Take a microwavable mug
Measure the flour (4 tablespoons), baking powder (1/8 teaspoon ), baking soda (1/16 teaspoon) and salt (1/8 teaspoon)
Mix the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt together in a microwavable mug
Add in the milk and oil then mix together. (There might be some lumps but that is ok.)
Take the marinara sauce jar and open it
Take the marinara sauce and spread it around the surface of the batter
Cut pepperoni and grate cheese (maybe)
Sprinkle on the cheese, pepperoni, and dried herbs
Microwave for 1 minute 10 - 1 minute 20 seconds, or until it rises up and the toppings are bubbling". What skills should I require to perform the above recipe steps?

"Remove the noodles from the package. (Break Noodles / Keep them as a block)
Chop celery
Finely Chop carrot
Chop garlic
Cut onions
Take peas out of the bag
Put all the Vegetables in a microwave safe bowl
Add the noodles into the bowl and cover with water (1 to 2 cups of water - Depends on broth)
Cover with a lid (or paper towel) to prevent splattering
Microwave the ramen for between three and five minutes
Measure basil and cilantro and add it to the bowl
Cut a boiled egg into pieces and add it to the bowl
Let the noodles sit for about three minutes after the microwave stops
Mix in the flavor packet. Stir noodles with a spoon or fork until flavoring dissolves". What skills should I require to perform the above recipe steps?

"Place crust into a microwave-safe pie dish
Score (press) the bottom and sides of the crust with a fork
Microwave on high for 5 minutes and let it rest while you make the fillings
Take the apples and peel them
Then slice the applies into pieces
Add the apples to the microwave safe bowl
Measure flour (3 tablespoons), white sugar (1/4 cup ), brown sugar (1/4 cup) and add to the bowl
Measure cinnamon (1 teaspoon) and vanilla extract (1 teaspoon) and add to the bowl
Extract the juice from 1/2 lemon and add it to the bowl
Mix all the ingredients well
Microwave on high for 2.5 minutes
Stir the contents in the bowl
Again, Microwave on high for 2.5 minutes
Add the filling (from microwave) on top of the crust
Measure brown sugar (1 cup ), flour (1/2 cup ) and quick oats (1/2 cup)
Put the ingredients mentioned above into a bowl
Cut the cold butter (1/2 cup) and put it in the bowl
Add the crumble top (from bowl) on top of the pie (with crust and filling)
Microwave for 5 minutes
Take the pie out". What skills should I require to perform the above recipe steps?

"Put the butter and chocolate into a microwave safe bowl
Heat on high for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds to melt the chocolate
Break the 2 eggs and throw away the shells. Put the egg in a bowl
Take 1 cup sugar and add it to the bowl
Whisk together the eggs and sugar
In another bowl sift 1/2 cup all-purpose flour on top of 1/2 teaspoon baking powder and 1/2 teaspoon salt
Add the egg and chocolate mixtures to the bowl
Measure 1 teaspoon vanilla extract and add it to the bowl
Stir the ingredients in the bowl
Spray a microwave safe glass pan with cooking spray
Pour the batter into the pan by spreading it out evenly
Measure 1/2 cup chocolate chunks and scatter on top
Cook in the microwave for 5 minutes
Remove from the oven and let rest for 3 minutes before cutting and eating". What skills should I require to perform the above recipe steps?

