What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Coat 6-oz. ramekin or custard cup with cooking spray"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Place Canadian bacon on bottom of a 6-oz. ramekin or custard cup"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Pour egg substitute over top"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Microwave, uncovered, on high for 30 seconds; stir"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Microwave 15-30 seconds or until egg is almost set"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Top with salsa; sprinkle with cheese"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Microwave just until cheese is melted, about 10 seconds"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Line bottom of English muffin with spinach"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Place egg and Canadian bacon over spinach; replace English muffin top"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Peel 2 medium potatoes"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Slice 2 peeled medium potatoes"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Coat a 9-in. microwave-safe plate with cooking spray"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Arrange potato and onion slices on plate; sprinkle with seasonings"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Cover and microwave on high for 9-10 minutes or until potatoes are tender"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Add cheese in the last 30 seconds of cooking"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Shape beef into twelve 1-in. patties"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Place on a microwave-safe plate lined with paper towels. Cover with another paper towel"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Microwave on high for 1 minute until meat is no longer pink"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Cut each slice of cheese into fourths; set aside"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Using a 1-in. round cookie cutter, cut out 6 circles from each slice of bread"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Spread half the bread circles with dressing"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Thinly chop onions"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Thinly chop baby dill pickles"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Thinly chop 3 cherry tomatoes"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Layer with burgers, cheese, onions, pickles and tomatoes"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Top with remaining bread circles; secure with toothpicks"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Thinly chop onions"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Thinly chop green chillies"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Crumble beef into a 2-qt. microwave-safe dish; add onion"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Microwave, covered, on high until beef is no longer pink, 2-3 minutes; drain"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Stir in 1 cup cheese, 1/4 cup enchilada sauce and green chilies"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Place about 1/2 cup beef mixture off center on each tortilla"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Roll up and place in a greased 11x7-in. microwave-safe dish, seam side down"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Top with remaining enchilada sauce"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Microwave, covered, on high until heated through, 5-6 minutes"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Sprinkle with remaining cheese"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Cook, uncovered, until cheese is melted, 1-2 minutes longer"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Serve with lettuce and sour cream"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Cut 2 medium carrots into short thin strips (Julienne)"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Slice 1 small onion"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Cut 1 small green pepper into short thin strips (Julienne)"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Mince 1 garlic clove"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Place meatballs in a 3-qt. microwave-safe dish"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Top with carrots, onion, pepper and garlic"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "In a small bowl, mix sweet-and-sour sauce and soy sauce; pour over meatballs"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Microwave, covered, on high for 6-8 minutes or until vegetables are tender and meatballs are heated through, stirring twice"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Serve with rice"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Take a microwavable mug"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Measure the flour (4 tablespoons), baking powder (1/8 teaspoon ), baking soda (1/16 teaspoon) and salt (1/8 teaspoon)"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Mix the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt together in a microwavable mug"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Add in the milk and oil then mix together. (There might be some lumps but that is ok.)"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Take the marinara sauce jar and open it"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Take the marinara sauce and spread it around the surface of the batter"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Cut pepperoni and grate cheese (maybe)"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Sprinkle on the cheese, pepperoni, and dried herbs"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Microwave for 1 minute 10 - 1 minute 20 seconds, or until it rises up and the toppings are bubbling"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Remove the noodles from the package. (Break Noodles / Keep them as a block)"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Chop celery"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Finely Chop carrot"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Chop garlic"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Cut onions"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Take peas out of the bag"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Put all the Vegetables in a microwave safe bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Add the noodles into the bowl and cover with water (1 to 2 cups of water - Depends on broth)"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Cover with a lid (or paper towel) to prevent splattering"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Microwave the ramen for between three and five minutes"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Measure basil and cilantro and add it to the bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Cut a boiled egg into pieces and add it to the bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Let the noodles sit for about three minutes after the microwave stops"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Mix in the flavor packet. Stir noodles with a spoon or fork until flavoring dissolves"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Place crust into a microwave-safe pie dish"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Score (press) the bottom and sides of the crust with a fork"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Microwave on high for 5 minutes and let it rest while you make the fillings"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Take the apples and peel them"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Then slice the applies into pieces"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Add the apples to the microwave safe bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Measure flour (3 tablespoons), white sugar (1/4 cup ), brown sugar (1/4 cup) and add to the bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Measure cinnamon (1 teaspoon) and vanilla extract (1 teaspoon) and add to the bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Extract the juice from 1/2 lemon and add it to the bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Mix all the ingredients well"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Microwave on high for 2.5 minutes"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Stir the contents in the bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Again, Microwave on high for 2.5 minutes"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Add the filling (from microwave) on top of the crust"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Measure brown sugar (1 cup ), flour (1/2 cup ) and quick oats (1/2 cup)"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Put the ingredients mentioned above into a bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Cut the cold butter (1/2 cup) and put it in the bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Add the crumble top (from bowl) on top of the pie (with crust and filling)"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Microwave for 5 minutes"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Take the pie out"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Put the butter and chocolate into a microwave safe bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Heat on high for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds to melt the chocolate"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Break the 2 eggs and throw away the shells. Put the egg in a bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Take 1 cup sugar and add it to the bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Whisk together the eggs and sugar"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "In another bowl sift 1/2 cup all-purpose flour on top of 1/2 teaspoon baking powder and 1/2 teaspoon salt"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Add the egg and chocolate mixtures to the bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Measure 1 teaspoon vanilla extract and add it to the bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Stir the ingredients in the bowl"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Spray a microwave safe glass pan with cooking spray"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Pour the batter into the pan by spreading it out evenly"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Measure 1/2 cup chocolate chunks and scatter on top"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Cook in the microwave for 5 minutes"?

What skills do we require and what possible errors can we make while executing this "Remove from the oven and let rest for 3 minutes before cutting and eating"?

