What possible errors can we make while performing this "Coat 6-oz. ramekin or custard cup with cooking spray"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Place Canadian bacon on bottom of a 6-oz. ramekin or custard cup"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Pour egg substitute over top"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Microwave, uncovered, on high for 30 seconds; stir"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Microwave 15-30 seconds or until egg is almost set"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Top with salsa; sprinkle with cheese"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Microwave just until cheese is melted, about 10 seconds"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Line bottom of English muffin with spinach"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Place egg and Canadian bacon over spinach; replace English muffin top"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Peel 2 medium potatoes"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Slice 2 peeled medium potatoes"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Coat a 9-in. microwave-safe plate with cooking spray"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Arrange potato and onion slices on plate; sprinkle with seasonings"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Cover and microwave on high for 9-10 minutes or until potatoes are tender"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Add cheese in the last 30 seconds of cooking"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Shape beef into twelve 1-in. patties"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Place on a microwave-safe plate lined with paper towels. Cover with another paper towel"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Microwave on high for 1 minute until meat is no longer pink"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Cut each slice of cheese into fourths; set aside"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Using a 1-in. round cookie cutter, cut out 6 circles from each slice of bread"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Spread half the bread circles with dressing"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Thinly chop onions"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Thinly chop baby dill pickles"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Thinly chop 3 cherry tomatoes"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Layer with burgers, cheese, onions, pickles and tomatoes"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Top with remaining bread circles; secure with toothpicks"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Thinly chop onions"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Thinly chop green chillies"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Crumble beef into a 2-qt. microwave-safe dish; add onion"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Microwave, covered, on high until beef is no longer pink, 2-3 minutes; drain"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Stir in 1 cup cheese, 1/4 cup enchilada sauce and green chilies"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Place about 1/2 cup beef mixture off center on each tortilla"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Roll up and place in a greased 11x7-in. microwave-safe dish, seam side down"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Top with remaining enchilada sauce"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Microwave, covered, on high until heated through, 5-6 minutes"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Sprinkle with remaining cheese"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Cook, uncovered, until cheese is melted, 1-2 minutes longer"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Serve with lettuce and sour cream"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Cut 2 medium carrots into short thin strips (Julienne)"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Slice 1 small onion"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Cut 1 small green pepper into short thin strips (Julienne)"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Mince 1 garlic clove"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Place meatballs in a 3-qt. microwave-safe dish"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Top with carrots, onion, pepper and garlic"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "In a small bowl, mix sweet-and-sour sauce and soy sauce; pour over meatballs"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Microwave, covered, on high for 6-8 minutes or until vegetables are tender and meatballs are heated through, stirring twice"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Serve with rice"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Take a microwavable mug"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Measure the flour (4 tablespoons), baking powder (1/8 teaspoon ), baking soda (1/16 teaspoon) and salt (1/8 teaspoon)"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Mix the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt together in a microwavable mug"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Add in the milk and oil then mix together. (There might be some lumps but that is ok.)"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Take the marinara sauce jar and open it"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Take the marinara sauce and spread it around the surface of the batter"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Cut pepperoni and grate cheese (maybe)"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Sprinkle on the cheese, pepperoni, and dried herbs"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Microwave for 1 minute 10 - 1 minute 20 seconds, or until it rises up and the toppings are bubbling"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Remove the noodles from the package. (Break Noodles / Keep them as a block)"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Chop celery"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Finely Chop carrot"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Chop garlic"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Cut onions"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Take peas out of the bag"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Put all the Vegetables in a microwave safe bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Add the noodles into the bowl and cover with water (1 to 2 cups of water - Depends on broth)"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Cover with a lid (or paper towel) to prevent splattering"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Microwave the ramen for between three and five minutes"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Measure basil and cilantro and add it to the bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Cut a boiled egg into pieces and add it to the bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Let the noodles sit for about three minutes after the microwave stops"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Mix in the flavor packet. Stir noodles with a spoon or fork until flavoring dissolves"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Place crust into a microwave-safe pie dish"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Score (press) the bottom and sides of the crust with a fork"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Microwave on high for 5 minutes and let it rest while you make the fillings"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Take the apples and peel them"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Then slice the applies into pieces"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Add the apples to the microwave safe bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Measure flour (3 tablespoons), white sugar (1/4 cup ), brown sugar (1/4 cup) and add to the bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Measure cinnamon (1 teaspoon) and vanilla extract (1 teaspoon) and add to the bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Extract the juice from 1/2 lemon and add it to the bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Mix all the ingredients well"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Microwave on high for 2.5 minutes"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Stir the contents in the bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Again, Microwave on high for 2.5 minutes"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Add the filling (from microwave) on top of the crust"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Measure brown sugar (1 cup ), flour (1/2 cup ) and quick oats (1/2 cup)"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Put the ingredients mentioned above into a bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Cut the cold butter (1/2 cup) and put it in the bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Add the crumble top (from bowl) on top of the pie (with crust and filling)"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Microwave for 5 minutes"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Take the pie out"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Put the butter and chocolate into a microwave safe bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Heat on high for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds to melt the chocolate"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Break the 2 eggs and throw away the shells. Put the egg in a bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Take 1 cup sugar and add it to the bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Whisk together the eggs and sugar"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "In another bowl sift 1/2 cup all-purpose flour on top of 1/2 teaspoon baking powder and 1/2 teaspoon salt"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Add the egg and chocolate mixtures to the bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Measure 1 teaspoon vanilla extract and add it to the bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Stir the ingredients in the bowl"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Spray a microwave safe glass pan with cooking spray"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Pour the batter into the pan by spreading it out evenly"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Measure 1/2 cup chocolate chunks and scatter on top"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Cook in the microwave for 5 minutes"?

What possible errors can we make while performing this "Remove from the oven and let rest for 3 minutes before cutting and eating"?

