When can "Take" be considered as a skill?

When can "Remove" be considered as a skill?

When can "Scoop" be considered as a skill?

When can "Lift" be considered as a skill?

When can "Gather" be considered as a skill?

When can "Choose" be considered as a skill?

When can "Put" be considered as a skill?

When can "Insert" be considered as a skill?

When can "Throw" be considered as a skill?

When can "Hang" be considered as a skill?

When can "Drop" be considered as a skill?

When can "Let-go" be considered as a skill?

When can "Serve" be considered as a skill?

When can "Wash" be considered as a skill?

When can "Dry" be considered as a skill?

When can "Scrape" be considered as a skill?

When can "Scrub" be considered as a skill?

When can "Rub" be considered as a skill?

When can "Soak" be considered as a skill?

When can "Brush" be considered as a skill?

When can "Open" be considered as a skill?

When can "Turn-on" be considered as a skill?

When can "Unroll" be considered as a skill?

When can "Unscrew" be considered as a skill?

When can "Uncover" be considered as a skill?

When can "Unwrap" be considered as a skill?

When can "Switch" be considered as a skill?

When can "Unlock" be considered as a skill?

When can "Close" be considered as a skill?

When can "Turn-off" be considered as a skill?

When can "Wrap" be considered as a skill?

When can "Roll" be considered as a skill?

When can "Lock" be considered as a skill?

When can "Pour" be considered as a skill?

When can "Mix" be considered as a skill?

When can "Fill" be considered as a skill?

When can "Add" be considered as a skill?

When can "Attach" be considered as a skill?

When can "Coat" be considered as a skill?

When can "Cut" be considered as a skill?

When can "Peel" be considered as a skill?

When can "Empty" be considered as a skill?

When can "Break" be considered as a skill?

When can "Filter" be considered as a skill?

When can "Rip" be considered as a skill?

When can "Crush" be considered as a skill?

When can "Divide" be considered as a skill?

When can "Grate" be considered as a skill?

When can "Stab" be considered as a skill?

When can "Shake" be considered as a skill?

When can "Squeeze" be considered as a skill?

When can "Press" be considered as a skill?

When can "Flip" be considered as a skill?

When can "Turn" be considered as a skill?

When can "Pull" be considered as a skill?

When can "Hold" be considered as a skill?

When can "Cook" be considered as a skill?

When can "Stretch" be considered as a skill?

When can "Knead" be considered as a skill?

When can "Set" be considered as a skill?

When can "Sharpen" be considered as a skill?

When can "Water" be considered as a skill?

When can " Slide" be considered as a skill?

When can "Wear" be considered as a skill?

When can "Form" be considered as a skill?

When can "Use" be considered as a skill?

When can "Screw" be considered as a skill?

When can "Flatten" be considered as a skill?

When can "Finish" be considered as a skill?

When can "Prepare" be considered as a skill?

When can "Bake" be considered as a skill?

When can "Mark" be considered as a skill?

When can "Bend" be considered as a skill?

When can "Move" be considered as a skill?

When can "Transition" be considered as a skill?

When can "Carry" be considered as a skill?

When can "Adjust" be considered as a skill?

When can "Check" be considered as a skill?

When can "Look" be considered as a skill?

When can "Search" be considered as a skill?

When can "Turn-down" be considered as a skill?

When can "Measure" be considered as a skill?

When can "Increase" be considered as a skill?

When can "Wait" be considered as a skill?

When can "Lower" be considered as a skill?

When can "Unfreeze" be considered as a skill?

When can "Pat" be considered as a skill?

When can "Eat" be considered as a skill?

When can "Feel" be considered as a skill?

When can "Drink" be considered as a skill?

When can "Smell" be considered as a skill?

When can "Apply" be considered as a skill?

When can "Sprinkle" be considered as a skill?

When can "Spray" be considered as a skill?

When can "Season" be considered as a skill?

When can "Fold" be considered as a skill?

When can "Sort" be considered as a skill?

